SUBJECT: firstname_fix, I Don't Know What To Do With All This
Money!

Greetings firstname_fix,

I have a problem. 

I just can't figure out what to do with all this money I've been making!

I bought flatscreen TV's and a new computer, I even upgraded my car. I still have a bunch of extra cash just lying around; I guess I'll put it in a bank or something. 

Sorry, I'm not trying to gloat. I want you to get in on this money-making opportunity too! That's why I e-mailed you!

https://cpa.askforit.com

I've been doing Internet Marketing for a while and I've had some really successful but nothing has been as crazy as my CPA Advertising campaign!

CPA means cost-per-action. You've probably heard of it. Some people call it the "Holy Grail" of Internet Advertising. 

When you're trying to make money with ads you pretty much have three basic options: CPM, CPC, and CPA. CPM or Cost per mille is selling by page views. You get paid just for people seeing the advertiser's ads. 

The rub is that you get paid a tiny amount, usually 50 cents per THOUSAND views. Views aren't hard to get but you have to develop a pretty ridiculously popular website to make a lot of money from it.

Cost per Click is almost the same way. Clicks do pay substantially more but they're also substantially harder to get compared to how much extra money they give. 

Here's where the CPA saves the day. The secret to CPA is that you advertise through articles and direct people to your CPA landing page with those articles; thereby filtering out a large percentage of the people who were not going to be interested. 

You also get paid substantially more so even if actions are harder to get than clicks and views they can pay WAY more. A simple form of fill-out might pay $2 per action and have a 55% conversion rate! An affiliate link where the user has to buy will often provide a very tiny percentage of the purchase price in commission!

You can make as much money with a single CPA conversion as you would with 5 months of CPM advertising on a popular website or 1 month of CPC advertising!

You can find out more about how to start your CPA campaign here: 

https://cpa.askforit.com

To Your Success,

FIRSTNAME LASTNAME

P.S. This is an insanely awesome opportunity. I wish I had known about CPA years ago! Don't miss out, you'll regret it!

https://cpa.askforit.com