With a busy year ahead, you could benefit from a part time position that pays weekly and allows you to work from home around your schedule. Our entry level sales and service positions offer useful real world work experience and are a great addition to any person’s resume.

Looking to fill positions right away
Basic positions in customer sales and service. Primary responsibilities include working with customers virtually, answering questions, and writing up any orders. There is no experience needed to apply, we provide all of the training. There isn’t any cold calling and there is no cost to start. The pay is guaranteed (not based on sales) and we’re willing to work around your schedule.

Great starting pay, flexible schedules
The starting pay rate is $17 guaranteed base/appt, but there is an opportunity to make more based on performance with our company. We provide flexible schedules for all members. Since reps have an opportunity to set their own schedule, some work part time, some work as much as possible, and some just work a few hours a week to earn some extra income around classes or other commitments.

We are looking to fill positions right away (1st applied, 1st considered basis).

CLICK HERE TO APPLY ONLINE 24/7

Once we receive your contact information a receptionist will follow up with you via text to set up a virtual interview with the manager. We find that this is a lot easier and faster for our applicants (since everybody always has their phones on them).


Who would do well?
We encourage applicants of all ages and experience, as we do not discriminate on the basis of an applicant’s age. We are looking for applicants who enjoy working with people, willing to learn and apply new skills. All ages eighteen and up or seventeen and a high school graduate. Working at Vector is great for those who are looking for a flexible work opportunity. Part time openings with an option to go full time. Those who have done well with us have had all kinds of work experience (some none at all!) - customer service; retail; office work; receptionist; sales rep; cashier; fast food; barista; stocked shelves at a supermarket; in a call center (which we don’t do by the way); telemarketing; entry level or temp work; college student; contractors; data entry; host or restaurant work; freelance worker; intern; salesperson; babysitter or nanny; communications; administrative assistant; admin work; student work; work from home; remote work; landscaping; dog walking… Our training is so good even if an applicant has no experience at all, they can do well here.